Adds `REAMDE.md` template for all new packages (#1)
pulsar-cooperative/.github: guides/fork-new-package.md

# Forking a New Package

This documentation details the criteria that should be used for determining if an existing package should be forked into the `pulsar-cooperative` organization.

While making these choices, be very mindful of the reason this org exists:

> This org is intended to allow a package to continue it's useful lifespan after such a time that it would be impossible to do so otherwise. To make sure users and contributors have a place to report issues with a package where they will be heard, and have a place to make contributions to a package where they will be reviewed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This org is intended to allow a package to continue its useful lifespan in the event that it is no longer maintained or updated by its original authors. It will provide a place to make sure users and contributors are able to report issues with a package and be heard. It will allow people to make contributions to a package where they will be reviewed.
```

Reviewer: Just rewording it a little and fixing a small mistake. The rewording is to try and promote the idea that this is adding a space for people to do stuff and separate out each part into more impactful sentences.

Bearing this in mind, below are the loose guidelines that should be followed and considered when forking a community package:

* Is this package archived? If a package's repo is archived, it means that no new issues or PRs can be created, and the new Pulsar Cooperative repo may be the only place for the community to voice issues regarding it.
* Is this package abandoned? While difficult to determine, make sure to keep in mind more than the last commit date. Are issues left unaddressed by maintainers? PR's that have had a long time since being reviewed or commented on, if ever? How long has it been since this repo was ever interacted with by anyone with write access?
* Is the community requesting this package? Make sure that if so, these same community members have already made a best effort to get improvements onto the main package, and that they have not been heard there. This doesn't just mean that an issue hasn't been responded to for a couple days, but an unattended to PR is a good indication that the community does want to help keep the package alive.

> * Does this package need further improvements or updates, including security-related ones? Is the package complex enough to warrant keeping it's codebase and taking the time to fork it over?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Does this package need further improvements or updates, including security-related ones? Is the package complex enough to warrant keeping its codebase and taking the time to fork it over?
```

Lastly some points of knowledge that should be considered:

> * Packages from the original `atom` organization, or in some cases labeled as `atom-archived`, generally would get an immediate greenlight to fork. Although it should first be checked if these packages already exist on the `pulsar-edit` repo, considering if they have been archived there. If the package is from `atom` and does not exist on `pulsar-edit` it may be beneficial to check with the core Pulsar team about it's proper placement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Packages from the original `atom` organization (in some cases labeled as `atom-archived`) will generally get an immediate greenlight to fork. However, it should first be checked if these packages already exist within the `pulsar-edit` org, taking into consideration if they have already been archived there. If the package is from `atom` and does not exist on `pulsar-edit` it may be beneficial to check with the core Pulsar team about its proper placement.
```

# Forking a New Package

This documentation details the criteria that should be used for determining if an existing package should be forked into the `pulsar-cooperative` organization.

While making these choices, be very mindful of the reason this org exists:
This org is intended to allow a package to continue it's useful lifespan after such a time that it would be impossible to do so otherwise. To make sure users and contributors have a place to report issues with a package where they will be heard, and have a place to make contributions to a package where they will be reviewed.

Bearing this in mind, below are the loose guidelines that should be followed and considered when forking a community package:

> * Is this package archived? An archived package means that no new issues or PRs can be created, and this new repo may be the only place for the community to be heard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Is this package archived? If a package's repo is archived, it means that no new issues or PRs can be created, and the new Pulsar Cooperative repo may be the only place for the community to voice issues regarding it.
```

> * Is this package abandoned? While difficult to determine, make sure to keep in mind more than the last commit date. Are there issues left unaddressed? PR's that have never been reviewed or commented on? How long has it been since this repo was ever interacted with by anyone with write access?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Is this package abandoned? While difficult to determine, make sure to keep in mind more than the last commit date. Are issues left unaddressed by maintainers? PR's that have had a long time since being reviewed or commented on, if ever? How long has it been since this repo was ever interacted with by anyone with write access?
```

> * Is the community requesting this package? Make sure that if so, these same community members have already made a best effort to get improvements onto the main package, and that they have not been heard there. This doesn't just mean that an issue hasn't been responded to for a couple days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Is the community requesting this package? Make sure that if so, these same community members have already made a best effort to get improvements onto the main package, and that they have not been heard there. This doesn't just mean that an issue hasn't been responded to for a couple days, but an unattended to PR is a good indication that the community does want to help keep the package alive.
```

> * Does this package need further improvements? Is the package complex enough to warrant keeping it's codebase and taking the time to fork it over.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Does this package need further improvements or updates, including security-related ones? Is the package complex enough to warrant keeping it's codebase and taking the time to fork it over?
```

I would say security might be pretty important a criteria to fork things over, but that's just how I feel personally, not sure how others feel about this.

Author: No this is a great point, I'll add it in

Lastly some points of knowledge that should be considered:

> * Packages from the original `atom` organization, or in some cases labeled as `atom-archived` generally would get an immediate greenlight to fork. Although it should first be checked if these packages already exist on the `pulsar-edit` repo, considering if they have been archived there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Packages from the original `atom` organization, or in some cases labeled as `atom-archived`, generally would get an immediate greenlight to fork. Although it should first be checked if these packages already exist on the `pulsar-edit` repo, considering if they have been archived there.
```

Would it be fair to say that depending on the package, it might be important for us to take over on? or is that something that we would have done already if so?

Author: It very well might be. Although realistically if we have still missed it, it's likely not any part of the core editor, and could be forked over to this repo. So we could add something in saying to notify the Pulsar team, but I don't think we would have to.

Reviewer 2: > if we have still missed it, it's likely not any part of the core editor

yeah that makes sense, but what you suggested about notifying the team sounds like a good idea, just in case its something that we missed completely somehow

> * Packages from the `AtomLinter` organization are generally an immediate greenlight to fork.
> * Packages from the `Atom-Community` organization are generally an immediate greenlight to fork.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Packages from the `AtomLinter` and `Atom-Community` organization are generally an immediate greenlight to fork.
```
